USER PERSONA:


USER-1 (Terry Smith):       [Signifying the 18-25 years age group]
"Scroll through social media if you want through gain unexpected knowledge"

Personal Information:
Age - 21 years
Gender - Male
Ethnicity: European
Personal Status - Unmarried
Hometown - Munich, Germany
Professional Status - Developer at Neudesic.
Salary - $70,000/year
Work Location - California, USA

User Environment:
- Mostly spends time in the office.
- Weekends at home or travelling to nearby places.

Device Accessibility - Mobiles, Laptops and Desktops.
Device Usage order - Mobiles>Laptops>Desktops

User Behaviour / Psychographics:
- Spends most of the time on the internet scrolling through technology related blogs.
- Likes to read articles related to new and upcoming tech-advancements.
- Also likes to watch movies and anime.
- Interested in posts related tagged as technology, media and entertainment, anime.

User Goals:
- To find out more Information related to topics in referrence to tech and entertainment.
- To get answers to tech-related questions.
- To get suggestions and reviews of recent releases in movie industry.
- Read theories about anime stories.

Scenario:
"After returning from office, I would like to go through social media and blogs.
Trying to find out more information to questions I faced during the day. Figure out more information about upcoming technology.
I would go through anime related information. As a wroking individual, I don't usually have enough time during the day so I usually surf through the net at night"


USER-2 (Tripti Singh):           [Signifying the 25 to 35 years age group]
Age - 27 years
Gender - Female
Ethnicity - Indian
Personal Status - Unmarried
Hometown - Patna, India
Professional Status - Software Engineer at Johnson&Johnson
Salary - Rs. 1500000/year or $19000/year
Work Location - Pune, India

User Environment:
- Spends most of the day at office.
- Weekends resting at home or hanging out with friends

Device Accessibility - Mobiles and Laptops
Device Usage - Mobile>Laptops

User Behaviour:
- Likes to travel.
- Spends most of the time scrolling through topics related to new places to travel
- Has a keen interest in music and movies
- Spends time less time on social media like Facebook and more time on forum-like social media like reddit.
- Has a little interest in sports

User Goal:
- To get information about different ways to have fun.
- Go through funny posts and memes.
- Get information regarding release date of movies and music albums
- Get information about sports

Scenario:
"Usually when planning for trips, to get good suggestions social media is a really good platform. I scroll through different social media platforms to get this information.
As I am in office for most of the day, after returning home I go through it. Even when a new movie comes up, I check media for reviews and good suggestions.
Free time is hard to find as an office-lady, so whenever I could, I try to release some stress by surfing throught the net"



USER STORIES:

Admin: I would like to have all access to the database and server privileges
Super User: I would like the capability to add, remove and modify datasets in the server
DB admin: I would like to have database privileges
Server admin: I would like to have server privileges.
Website admin: I would like to have website privileges.
Moderator: I would like to have privileges to add and remove posts and privileges to moderate over users.
User: I would like access to post threads and comment on other's threads.
Guest: I would like access to read threads on the platform.


Database Schema:

*Tables:
User:
ID Integer (Primary Key);
Username varchar;
User_pwd varchar;

Privileges:
ID Integer (Primary Key)(Foreign Key - referrences User);
Privilege varchar;

Threads:
ID Integer(Primary Key);
User_ID Integer(Foreign Key - referrences User);
Sub_ID Integer(Foreign Key - referrences Subreddits)
Post_links varchar;
post_information varchar;
time Date;

Subreddits:
ID Integer(Primary Key);
User_ID Integer (Foreign_Key - referrences User);
time Date;



